the first goalkeeper wins is not
a big surprise that it's you
otherwise it's deserved benjamin six communes
who voted for me who does not give it to me
it's for me for my father is going to be
happy
I have never dreamed of becoming
football professional footballer it's
a combination of circumstances that made
that here I was lucky to make a
internship with with the louvière with
pure soul sir
when the news is still in division
2 and at that time monday virgin where is
the final rate of for goes up in division
1 and I was lucky what is
list I signed to be in division 2
here I am in division 1
and it was soon enough for me
I learned with michel piersoul he told me
formed and a two years after where a year and
half after I had the opportunity to
play my first game because the
first guard he was hurt and
so I played a match with with
daniel leclercq
then it was his last match
unfortunately we call a match
guingamp
I go back this Saturday it was my
first game we lost there 2 1 if
my memories are good
and then ariël jacobs arrived I
played a cup game of belgium where I
I managed well and he me I him
have a lot because lima he made me
trust and he told me that I was going
stay in the goal at the beginning of my
career there were really three
people who have been really
important to me
jeff lecomte michel lepire soul and ariel
jacobs is what is what is the
people who trusted me so
it's not easy to do
trust a young guardian
we won the belgium prize so there
I had a feeling of having won the
belgian cup with beer being
half useless and being quite
useful with with anne to the east
I think I have to be the guardians
one of the fastest guards yes and
it's also the moment the moment of the
decision which is important what you
can be fast but if you take a
decision a little too late or you hesitate
a little is often said to follow
his first intuition so went that a
once I read I have to go I'm going
but sometimes it's very risky I try
always to be the cleanest for
target in my interventions or not
it's not easy either for 10 years
tenderly in a paschal duel and if you
go too softly you can you that
the attacker can pass in front of you and
not a little harder maybe you
will have it
my live tour was a bit of a
little weird I got here have a
little like as I explained with with
the louvière where
daniel zitka had done all the
preparation so I arrive a little bit
end of preparation we play a match
everyone knows a little context
particular
and then here I am playing a big game of
champion's league against betis
seville and from that moment on I
play everything and then I made myself
cruciate ligaments of the knee
a big danesi operation to play
one of his best seasons during
that I was hurt
and then here I am on the bench
logically because here I do not
could not claim anything other than
to be on the bench since zitka was doing
his matches and then I go to the gba or
do not hide the fact that the hours and
days before leaving I was a little
little in one in a state where I say to myself I
wondering if it was really the
good thing party to the bar and then
I was welcomed to have by
people like worse thyssen coach
extraordinary guard who me
give back pleasure a little bit of everything
to work because when you
work that you are on the wind
you have a little bitter taste but
when you work to play the
good weekend that's it's sketching
consider missing I found them the
bao
robert scott i made good matches
also so for trust it's
important and in addition during this
period there that it marks a goal one gets
remember it's khalilou fadiga
fadiga who made me the maquis gave me
the assist was the first time
I have a head on a corner I saw the
balloon arrive
little is happening and I had the good
go the right whim and who did
finally a little luck as never before
perfectly and that yorkville his boat
yes I evolved as a man and in
as a player also these voices I
am more the same player happily
that I still a little progressed my
injury still delayed me and
go I could not progress as I
wanted in certain areas
now a lot of people have forgotten
is that before we talk about some
guardians abroad this one was on
proto to be with whom and arsenal
also there were quite a few clubs that
wanted if he should be I'm
remember that at the time my old
manager makes the trip to barcelona
- you know today I'm happy
so I do not regret what happened
past
you do not hide that that's the job
all value is one of the trades the
most beautiful of the world 1
there are sacrifices to be made but a
once we get used to it we know a
lifestyle I hope to play the most
long time possible and as long as I have
the will and the envied to do it and I
feel good I 'll try to do it the
Longer
I loved printing the pressure of
matches the pressure not to do
an error the pressure it is internal
and that the victory that often takes
I love playing all kinds of games
did even with my children my wife I
am a super bad loser i hate
lose and go when I'm doing a good
match I tell you fast enough and when I
make a bad match I say I'm going
strongly that the next match is coming
for directly interhuman in the
down and as we said play three
matches a week for me that's what
I prefer because this is the season
gone at an incredible speed is a
not feel too easy there to fatigue
last question what can
prevent the sporting tying for
this season
ourselves because if we have the right
good state of mind the envy the good
mentality and
want to help his teammate who does
an error I think we have big
chances of being champion though
everyone plays for for his head or power
transfer there is a risk of having
problems